Common Hallucination Problems

  Temperature: The higher the temperature value, the more random the generated result will become, and the more likely the response will contain false statements.

  Missing Information

  Model Training and Complexity

Improving LLM Accuracy

  Prompt Engineering: Zero-shot learning. Be Positive

  In-Context Learning: Few-shot learning.

  Fine-Tuning: additional language model training on a smaller, task-specific dataset after its primary training phase. 

  Grounding: external, up-to-date sources or databases to enrich the responses.

Embedding input about the 4D printing:
Foramt: [Stimuli-Responsive]* memory structure [Transformation][Behavior] in [Material] [Usage context]
"Stimuli: Light, Response: Elongation, Transformation: Dual shape one-way reversible, Behavior: Shape changing, Material: Nanosilica fillers and Shape Memory Polymer (SMP) resins, Usage: Nanosilica-enhanced High-Speed photopolymerization-based 4D Printing Applications."
"Stimuli: Light or Temperature, Response: Elongation, Transformation: Multiple-shape, Behavior: Shape changing, Material: Shape Memory Polymers (SMP), Usage: SMPs in Nano-photonic and Electronic Devices."
"Stimuli: Temperature, Response: Elongation, Transformation: Dual shape one-way reversible, Behavior: Shape changing, Material: NiTi Shape-Memory Alloys (SMAs), Usage: NiTi SMAs for Smart Structures."
"Stimuli: Light or Temperature, Response: Elongation, Transformation: Multiple-shape, Behavior: Shape changing, Material: Fe-Ni-Ti-Al maraging steel, Usage: Fe-Ni-Ti-Al Maraging Steel for Additive Manufacturing."
"Stimuli: Mechanical Force, Response: Elongation, Transformation: Dual shape two-way reversible, Behavior: Shape changing, Material: Polylactic Acid (PLA) and Lycra-knitted fabric, Usage: 4D Textiles with Thermal Stimulation."
"Stimuli: Temperature, Response: Elongation, Transformation: Multiple-shape, Behavior: Shape changing, Material: Photopolymer with Temperature Memory Effect (TME), Usage: Auxetic Grids with Tunable Behavior."
"Stimuli: Magnetic Field, Response: Elongation, Transformation: Dual shape one-way reversible, Behavior: Shape changing, Material: Flexible soft-magnetic photosensitive resin (consisting of flexible long-chain acrylic resin monomer and soft magnetic iron particles), Usage: Flexible Soft-magnetic Composites."
"Stimuli: Magnetic Field, Response: Elongation, Transformation: Dual shape one-way reversible, Behavior: Shape changing, Material: PETG-ABS-Fe3O4 nanocomposites, Usage: Magnetic Nanocomposites for Medical Applications."
"Stimuli: Temperature, Response: Elongation, Transformation: Dual shape one-way reversible, Behavior: Shape changing, Material: PETG-PBAT blends (Polyethylene Terephthalate Glycol and Polybutylene Adipate Terephthalate), Usage: PETG-PBAT Blends for Shape Memory Applications."
"Stimuli: Temperature, Response: Elongation, Transformation: Dual shape one-way reversible, Behavior: Shape changing, Material: Polyvinyl Chloride (PVC) and Polypropylene (PP), Usage: PVC-PP Composites for Industrial Applications."

gist code:
https://gist.github.com/TinybutGiant
https://gist.github.com/TinybutGiant/79be6ef57bc899e00de3e97151275502#file-embedding_pre-ipynb
